- How does attendance work? Should it be locked in after X minutes, or should teachers be able to edit?

- Does your school create a course map for a given year level. Or multiple year Levels. How does your school set up your coursemap. Do you create any assessment or lesson plans? Do you construct a coursemap based on a curriculum?

Teacher youtube channel
easy to use plugins

langauge perfect
tailor for students needs (speed up for students going well) 
wellbeing integrated (parent notes on student)



- How do you determine criterea or rubric for a assessment? STEM vs english/humanities? What do you provide for feedback, how fleshed out is it?

- Would you have teachers sharing the same lesson, or does each teacher have there own way to do it. WOuld be okay with sharing lessons. --> Do teachers reuse resources like tasks. 

- What are the biggest issues that you have with your current system. 

- Which features do teachers use most frequently, and which ones do they avoid or find confusing?

- How much training time is required when new teachers join or when new software is introduced, and what's the biggest learning curve?

- Does your current software system generate timetables? If separate, what is it called? Amount spent, is it good, is it painful? Does the timetable have different structures for different days, and who decides this?

- How often do classes change? When do teachers swap over?

- How are teachers allocated to classes? Would this be a good thing to be generated by our software?

David Bowser

- Restrictions on parent communication, how frequently are parents updated with how their children are going?

- How does the school ensure that new teachers are aware of curriculum requirements?



- CFATs (Common formative assessment tasks) Are you using these, if so how frequently, how do you construct these assessments and based off what requirements?

- How much do you pay for all of your current systems per student and/or per staff member per month? Rough price range?

- How does paying for software work? Is there a threshold that if they go above they need board approval? Even at a teacher level, what are your options?

- Do you guys ever consider other LMSs or software systems and what makes you stick with the current one? How hard would it be to change?

Trial to see if worth the effort to change
DOn't use super old material
Pangea hailburry
toddle - integrating aus curriculim and IB
